there
my task is the famous fried bread from Emilia Romagna
let's start immediately with the yeast
pignatelli rido 2 torrent download bulla
we emit activity water
which way is meant that it should not exceed 40 degrees
because if we are warmer water we run the risk of an accident
therefore our post does not grow anymore
gently
melt beautiful and wine
once the yeast has dissolved
we think the flour
the sieve
it's a little bit the time we sift the flour
thus we avoid having lumps in our dough
let's add some salt
this time he gave a fine salt
a teaspoon or hours something renoir that responds well
I would recommend
to do it with your hands to feel the dough with your hands a little
and first of all the whole I share it loose
I add a little bit of warm water again
there are no exact amounts of water to put into this mixture in
all the dough pieces are always roughly
quantities
because because already said other times that the flour can be more oh -
freshly ground
therefore it can be more or less dry and therefore poppo
to have
need more or less water
this dough version resembles that of slightly softer bread
because we have to give
the possibility for the mixture to grow
you can always use a stain a dough says if you want
my advice is to feel the consistency of the pasta also finished by
working with the machine you have to work a little with your hands
internapoli film on the hands
what you see is true
the soft button
it is beautiful because the tub goes things that
sololive
there are bacteria there are gods
the small ones
particles that allow military flour always
bellano bella with sisters
I'm ready
put it here
our meal
a tour there is a little film what you have and let it rise
the dough for at least 2 hours
in a post all
then mails received to fuorni of a troppoforte flower say
audio cd and 2 hours
have passed
2 hours
we take the flour
I'll see you
and even softer
to you they are so strange roads
diarrhea bubbles
that is growing
in full reduction
flour
prom queen 2 the pasta just endometrium
with a rolling pin
I do this job
lower brick
you noticed momesso grass inside the dough
lard had to be put
we will come out very destroyed that will be used to fry here
just like dedication
we put a workout into the show
abundant lard
peugeot put forlino berkoff noticed melt
now it is like a normal effect because it does not know this method of
frying film with lard
if I have to be with the same system that is used with other fats
balls
let it melt we bring you temperature for this for this type
of preparation art 170 degrees
we cut
our pasta
first real health
you should feel the dough is very soft very delicate
the mind is a nice touch
so
but I adore nothing even the area of ​​the forms
I can use a glass
a pastry cutter to give it a circular shape
own the shapes we want
I can't do it this way and know it
skin seen how thin they look now is puffing out their probes
they are wonderful friendship and then they are
lard as transparent color
respect
prepare
a saucer conflict damn
mortadella
Ham
and castings
running scared
we eat hot